This is a viral moment right here. KSI
has absolutely no idea that this is
happening.
>> BRO, HOW AM I BEING ARRESTED?
>> We spent so much time and money prepping
this. This could go wrong at any
possible time. It's the only way to
prank a YouTuber, though. Hey guys, it's
Ara. I am going to break down one of my
craziest videos of all time. I'm
arresting YouTubers. They're going to
jail. I'm going to show you the behind
the scenes how we pull [music] big
pranks like this off and things you
would never see. There's a GoPro that's
hidden into the side panel of the car.
The 360 cam mounted in the very center
right here.
>> Oh my god. KSI's reaction. How do you
hire real cops for a YouTube prank?
>> There's an art form to it. If this goes
too far, these cops would have broken
the bit and called the whole thing off.
>> How much are you inspired by shows like
Punked?
>> I actually tried to license Punk. I
actually called Ashton Kutcher.
>> Oh my god,
>> dude. Right. That's what I'm telling
them.
>> This is such an amazing shot.
>> It's an insane moment. Are you feeling
that pressure
>> so much? Moments like this when we're
filming these videos are the only time
that I get nervous.
>> Hey guys, it's Ara. I am going to show
you the breakdown of I arrested
YouTubers.
>> Let's do it.
>> These are some of the biggest live
streamers in the world getting arrested.
See, over the past few months, a couple
of my streamer buddies have wronged me.
So, to get back in my friends, I'm going
to surprise them with a simple prank.
>> What we doing?
>> I'm glad you asked. We're going to
arrest KSI. [laughter]
>> So, I'm in Nashville, Tennessee for this
one.
>> Y,
>> this is for KSI,
boxer,
YouTuber,
creator of the worst rated song of all
time. It's horrible.
>> He said it, not me. He said it.
>> No, I said it. Yeah, it's a horrible
song. It'll come It's going to come back
to haunt him here in the video. Don't
worry about that. Okay. Wow.
>> Yeah, this is a one day shoot.
>> Is that typical? Most shoots are like in
and out like that or you're
>> That's the goal. I think one of the cool
parts of the channel is it kind of feels
like I'm everywhere at once and nobody
knows how it happens. It's just like
tight shoot days with prep. So, over in
this seat over here, something you might
not notice is Christina, who is my head
producer. She's a super genius. She has
been in Nashville for 4 days leading up
to this video.
>> Huh. setting everything up, talking to
the local police, setting locations up
for me, getting any props I need ordered
so that I can fly in, shoot this bit,
and get out the same day. We're on the
way to Ma'am's Taylor's Ranch where my
friend Jitton, YouTube's biggest menace,
is helping me pull this off.
>> You're about to piss a whole lot of
people off
>> right now. They're in the middle of
filming a try not to laugh.
>> No, don't just laugh at nothing, bro.
But what JJ doesn't know is actual
police officers are going to come pull
him out of the house, arrest him, throw
him in the back [music] of a cop car. I
don't think I'm going to let him go
until he gives us a private concert.
>> The last time you did this, you just
arrested Jimmy. What did you learn from
the last time?
>> The prep for something to be that
realistic and that well filmed is a lot.
So that's why productions in town days
before me to make sure that everything
is dialed down perfectly because it's
all real. If KSI sees a camera and he
realizes it's a prank,
>> it's over.
>> And now I have to refilm a new bit with
a brand new YouTuber.
>> Oh wow.
>> So the stakes are high.
>> Before we got there, we met up with the
real officers who were going to help us
pull this off. [laughter]
>> Are these real cops?
>> These are real cops. These are actual
cops. Yeah.
>> How do you hire real cops for for a
YouTube prank?
>> Yeah, there's a there's an art form to
it. They will not let you hire them like
on the phone. So, I'll send a producer
to the local police department 4 days
early with donuts and treats. But, uh,
we always try to find like inside men.
You can pay them. You can pay police
officers on an offduty rate to show up,
but they have to have the project
approved by their boss. So, we literally
just show up to police departments in
different local cities until we get
someone who's down.
>> And they're allowed to show up in
uniform.
>> They're allowed to show up in uniform,
>> drive the car, like the police car.
>> Yes. Even though they're off duty and
this is basically a skit and a prank.
Like
>> as long as their boss approves it, which
most of the time they don't,
>> you can do it. Yeah. Yeah, you can. The
thing about it is like theoretically I
could probably hire cop actors, but
they're YouTubers who have hired coped
actors themselves. And you just know the
difference between a cop actor and a
real cop.
>> It's like that that guy who does all the
lie detector
>> videos on YouTube. Like everybody knows
that guy
>> and nobody buys it anymore.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
Oh, it's so uncomfortable, bro.
>> It's really, really tight.
>> Not my first time. [snorts]
>> Cut to the clip. I'm banned from the
Super Bowl.
>> Not joking. Do Do you ever worry about
your um records, like your police
records, like from making [snorts]
YouTube videos down the road?
>> No,
>> not at all.
>> I think I just plan on a version of
reality where it doesn't matter. I guess
I was supposed to go to Brazil tomorrow
to go film with the Chiefs for one of
Jimmy's videos.
>> Yeah.
>> And the NFL said I couldn't do it
because I snuck into the Super Bowl. So,
>> Chiefs, I'm very sorry. Please let me
come hang out with you guys in the
future. We are headed there right now.
They should be finishing up the video.
JJ and his bodyguard have a flight back
to the UK today.
>> You want him to miss his flight?
>> I want him to miss his flight by about 6
months and sit in a federal
penitentiary. You know what I mean? It's
just a prank though.
>> IT'S JUST A PRANK. [laughter]
AND ERIC, tell me about the cameras. I'm
seeing a few here already.
>> Yeah. So, in order to be discreet, KSI,
obviously YouTuber, knows how cameras
work, knows what fake police officers
look like. We need to be as discreet as
possible. So, these guys have body cams
on right here, right here. These body
cams are mine. I bought these police
body cams. So, these go home with me,
and all the footage on them goes home
with me. We have a dash cam in the very
front of the car up here, filming
backwards. Uh, there's a GoPro mapped up
in the corner up here that's hidden into
the side panel of the car. And then we
have a 360 cam mounted in the very
center right here.
This one I was nervous about because
people know what an insty 360 looks
like. So, I try to hide it as much as
possible. And I'm planning on the idea
that KSI is going to sort of hang out
somewhere right in here where Tyler and
I were,
>> which my plan kind of went sideways.
You'll see.
>> Okay. All right.
>> I'm at my vantage point right now. The
cops are walking up to the house as we
speak. I have their cameras on my iPad.
>> Hello, sir.
>> How you doing?
>> Good. [laughter]
>> Do you know who this is?
>> This is Mam Taylor.
>> He's KSI's manager, boxing legend.
Manages the whole Misfits company. This
is his house. So, he's one of two people
who know that this is happening.
>> Okay, got it. So, yeah. How do you
conspire with KSI's team like in a way
that they won't tell him? Some of my
videos, like hiding in streamer streams
or hiding in YouTubers videos, it's
really easy because it's just me and the
YouTuber talking about what the funniest
way for me to hide in their video or
whatever it is. This is much harder
because I can't talk to the one person
who owns the YouTube channel. I have to
find the person that knows the person
that runs the YouTube channel, but is
trustworthy enough to not tell them that
we're doing this. Very hard person to
find. Lucky for me, the person who told
me that this shoot was happening was
Jidion, who is a notorious YouTube
prankster. Shout out Jidion. He is my
inside man on this shoot. So, KSI
brought Jidion out to come film a try
not to laugh video for KSI's channel.
And so, I have a I have sort of a run of
show that that I've typed up and before
I even come into town, these guys are
going over the run of show. They know
kind of uh what the narrative of the
prank is. MMS has been able to rehearse
some of his lines and so now they're
playing out a play that they've
basically all rehearsed together, but
the only person that's new is KSI. He's
never seen the show before.
>> Wait, my mind goes to like what is his
motivation to do this like like that is
a ton of time like rehearsing like
pre-production like KSI is already a big
YouTuber but what is their like motive?
What is their incentive to spend all
this time helping you with your video?
>> I think with every creator it's
different. Sometimes it's literally a
friend wanting to pull a prank on their
friend who just so happens to be a giant
YouTuber. For specifically here, KSI is
actually relaunching his YouTube
channel, which I'm so excited about
personally. So, it's an opportunity, I
think, for publicity for everything.
>> Makes sense. Wow.
>> Uh, Mr. Taylor.
>> Yeah.
>> Ma'am, was that you?
>> It looks like they're pressing Ma'am,
the owner of the house right now.
>> We just got a call that there was some
things going on here. We just had to
come out and check it out. All right.
You mind if we come in, chat with
everybody?
>> Okay. There's other options as far as
filming this, but I love the feeling of
real body cam footage because it's so
realistic. It's just so real.
>> Is that all right? Is there anybody
elsewhere?
>> Oh, there's JJ. There's JJ. There's JJ.
>> I'm doing good.
>> So, Jadeon is fully in on this, by the
way.
>> And I was very curious to see what he
was going to do.
>> Oh, something about some criminal
threats.
>> My god, KSI's reaction. [laughter]
>> So, you can see Jian is right here. He
knows he's on his 10 out of 10
with he's from the UK. So I have a
little bit of advantage because he has
no idea what US police even look like.
So this is like terrifying to him. Like
imagine being in the UK and you see like
the royal guard pull up into a house.
Like you're going to be so scared.
>> Yeah.
>> Something about some criminal threats
being made online. Y'all know anything
about that? What?
>> He's freaking out.
Okay. His eyes mouth is not closed since
he the police walked in.
>> And you're going to see in a second.
He's he gets way more terrified than
this.
>> Okay.
>> Port and everything. Y'all mind if we
see everybody's ID?
>> Yeah. Yeah, sure.
>> I actually got my wallet stolen
yesterday. Uh it's cool if I give it to
>> Yeah, that's fine.
>> Oh, this is going so well. Jion's acting
is S tier.
>> I think it's so funny seeing YouTubers
in this context like on body cams is
just such viral footage. You know what I
mean? The only way to get this is a real
cop
like scolding at YouTubers. Just god
tier footage because it's so awesome.
>> Are you in town or what?
>> I wouldn't even tonight like video
gamers or something.
>> Why is he starting to film?
>> So KSI's videographer just starts
filming and my cops are obviously not
actually arresting him. So they just let
it happen.
>> His mind just went to like, oh, this is
interesting. Could be useful later. He
may not know like that you're involved
yet.
>> That's right. No, he has Yeah, he
probably has no idea. Got They actually
ended up posting their own video which
was I got arrested separate from my
whole video from his perspective which
is kind of funny.
>> No. So, well I guess I'm more of like a
boxer YouTuber musician type beat.
>> Okay. You got a lot going on for you.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> What's your What's your name?
>> KSI.
>> KSI. That's your real name?
>> Uh no.
>> So here enters
>> KSI's bodyguard.
>> Oh,
>> right over here. Okay,
>> this dude is uh 69,
giant man, and he has absolutely no idea
that this is happening.
>> Can I tell you a little secret? So,
there's this tool that top creators like
Zack Justice are quietly using to
explode their views and it's called
Autopilot made by OpusClip. It analyzes
your entire library [music] of content,
identifies the top moments, clips them,
and posts them across all your social
media accounts fully automatically like
all these clips you're seeing right
here. Imagine I could just focus on my
long form videos and every day I have a
bunch of clips that are cut together,
scheduled, and all posted without me
having to worry about it. And [music]
this just keeps going on every day. Opus
cuts together the clips, edits them,
schedules them, posts them, and then
repeats. Basically, you could reach a
new audience and own your distribution
without the extra work. I mean, Zach
Justice used Opus to do exactly this,
and he's already seeing 10 million plus
views back to his YouTube channel. Now,
here's the crazy part. The tool is still
in beta and Opus is selecting 10
creators to try it next. So, if you want
to be considered, go to this link below
or scan this QR code. Again, 10 creators
will get selected and everyone else will
get access to Opus clips. You got
nothing to lose. [music] All right, now
back to the video.
>> So, he's not in the loop at all. They
specifically kept him out of it because
his literal job is to look out for KSI's
uh best interest.
>> So, we were debating a lot like do we
tell the security or do we not? and we
decided not to because he would have
absolutely stopped the production.
>> Some of the calls we got, we got
something like your name.
>> I'm going to double check cuz it is,
like you said, it's different.
>> But he's he's going to look over the IDs
real quick and uh
>> and we'll go from there.
>> So, what's the reason that the cops are
giving that they're here right now to
arrest [snorts] him? Like, have they
explained yet?
>> I think they went in with the
explanation that they have gotten calls
of threats, which is usually what
happens when somebody gets swatted.
>> So, KSI wouldn't doubt this. That was
the best reason we had. However,
his manager told us that days before
traveling to the US, basically his
passport, he put it into his pocket and
it went through dry cleaning. So, it's
ripped apart. So, I had the cops
specifically focus on that
>> and talk about how he's in the country
illegally and they're basically going to
throw him back out of the country.
>> Oh, so this is a whole setup to get his
passport.
>> That's right.
>> That is like wrinkled or like damaged
like
>> Yeah. So, they get they get into the
house under pretty agreeable terms and
then they just laser beam focus on KSI
and put all the pressure on him.
>> But really,
>> I have so much more information on him
>> and it's about to be over and it's about
to turn.
>> I told the cops to put on a show and
find any stupid reason to arrest him.
So, all I [laughter] could do was sit
back and watch them work their magic.
>> Mr. KSI.
>> Yeah.
>> Did something happen to your back here?
>> Watch it.
>> So, I'm going to work on getting a new
one. Do you have another form of ID or
anything on you?
>> He's got his ID. I've got my driver.
>> Is it a How'd you get through uh TSA
with this thing, man?
>> Uh
>> so he says, "How did you get through TSA
with this thing?"
>> Just Yeah.
>> This just doesn't look legit to me, man.
I'm not
>> like I said, it just looks a little
different. I look at
>> This is the point where you can feel the
tension in the room shift. Like KSI is
laughing this entire time. It's not
funny anymore. Like he's getting pressed
now. He knows everybody out here is not
in trouble except for him. And it's such
a specific detail. I always try to get a
specific detail from the YouTubers team
of like something to drill into that
they would undeniably believe.
>> Yeah.
>> Looks like it's, you know, a little bit
different. Can you do me a favor and
just come outside with me real quick?
>> Oh, it's happening. It's happening. It's
happening.
>> Something funny.
>> Oh, no. No. No.
>> Oh, okay. No. I Cob says it's something
funny. These guys at this point know to
just tighten down. I told them to go as
hard on him as they possibly could and
felt comfortable doing. And this is the
part where they start to just really
pressure him up.
>> I just want to make sure everything's
good, you know, cuz I'm not going to be
able to run a driver's
>> license.
All right. Do me a favor. Just step out
here real quick if you don't mind.
>> They're escorting him out of the house.
Oh, here they come. Here they come. Here
they come. Here they come.
>> The back of my car. Just stand right on
the bumper if you don't mind.
>> They're fake checking his ID right
[laughter] now. I don't think J is going
to be very happy with me when he finds
out this is a joke. I have been at the
driveway watching all of this, listening
to everything that's happening on the
inside of the house. My job is simple.
Once this thing reaches its absolute
pinnacle of confrontation, the cops are
going to call me in as their supervisor
[laughter]
>> and then I'm going to reveal that it's
me and I will not let him out of cuffs
until he gives me a private concert.
>> So, let me ask you this. I I run your
name through. Nothing's coming through
on there. Do you have anything else that
has your name on it or anything like
that? Anything that we can identify you?
>> Uh, I mean, you can go online.
>> As JJ's team started to get a little
freaked out, my inside man Jadeon
continued to put on a master class in
acting.
>> Okay. Are you suspecting him of a crime
right now?
>> Uh, Jadeon comes in here. He knows
content. He's going to add some content
here. He starts fighting with the
police. I did not ask him to do this. He
just does this for the sake of it. The
police actually asked that. No, they
were like, "Nobody's going to give us
resistance, right?" I was like, "No."
And good old Jidon here really. Um, he's
trying to print content for me, which I
appreciate, but he starts pressing the
cops.
>> Jon's got to chill. Jon's got to chill.
>> Okay. But did they say it was him?
>> Okay. What was your name again, sir?
>> Jadon.
>> Jaddon. Yeah. Okay. Right now, we're
talking to him. Like I said, I don't
mind that you come out here, but I don't
want you interfering with my
investigation. Okay.
>> So, now that Jadeon has put the officers
on edge, they're just going to detain
and arrest KSI and put him in the back
of the car. JJ, realize you don't have
to answer his question.
>> No, no, it's fine. It's fine. Hang out
in the back back of the car for us real
quick.
>> Do me a favor. Face the car right here
for me. I'm just going to patch you
down. Make you don't have any weapons.
As long as you're good with that,
>> let me call supervisor.
>> Okay, they're calling me. They're
calling me
>> right now. All right, go ahead. Place
your hands behind your back on me.
>> This This right here is what we do it
for, boys. This is a viral moment right
here. This clip by itself, I filmed it
on iPhone. Yeah. And then sent it to KSI
so that he could send it to a fan page.
And then that clip went viral on Twitter
by itself before any of us posted
videos. It's just a viral moment right
there.
>> All right. Go ahead and take a seat back
here for me, please. Just watch your
hand.
>> He's just requesting to come out. It's a
situation. These guys,
>> your body's just been arrested. Wow.
Okay.
>> Okay.
>> There it is. So, we're getting the 360
camera right here.
>> You can see it's like these are real
emotions,
>> bro. It's so close to him. Yeah. Yeah.
He's He's terrified right here. We
obviously have other angles. I'm picking
up all his audio right here. Also,
>> they got some jams in here.
>> Officer, what is like there's literally
no reason to detain him right now.
>> Hey, man. I I do got a a lieutenant.
>> KSI
lays down in the back seat. Ruins my
shot. I prepped this shot for him to sit
right here in the middle. Dude lays down
in the back seat. Look at this.
What the hell? KSI, he ruined it. He
ruined it.
>> I guess he's trying not to be seen,
>> right?
>> I think he's just trying to get
comfortable. The back of cop car is so
uncomfortable.
>> You thought it was to get comfortable?
He's totally trying to hide his face cuz
at this point he does not know it's a
prank at all.
>> Yeah, he's seen these clips on YouTube.
He knows he's probably going to get
uploaded on some body cam footage. He's
trying probably trying to hide his face.
Yeah.
>> Hey, man. I I do got a a lieutenant to
come out to talk to you, a supervisor.
>> All right. You good? All right, man.
Don't
>> Jion was making this as hard as possible
on the cops, but they kept it cool while
I made my way to the scene.
>> I mean, he's not going to run away or
anything. Can he just like stand up and
stand right next to you?
>> J's going crazy.
>> You're making it worse than what it is.
>> Outside the car this entire time, Jion
is just stirring the pot. He's just
trying to make this as uncomfortable as
possible for everybody.
>> He's just hanging out in the back.
>> You guys are making it worse.
>> You know, your guys job is to deescalate
and you guys are escalating it.
>> No, you're escalating it. We're fine.
He's fine. This part I actually was
getting nervous about. This is why I
came in because it was actually getting
heated up there. They don't know that
Jadeon is like trolling them. So,
>> they want this to be a calm altercation,
which is what I sold it to them as,
which was my goal,
>> but they're actually getting this is a
real altercation that's actually
happening outside the car. So, I'm
running up the hill to try to stop this
from happening.
>> Wow.
>> It We're fine. He's fine.
>> Dude, it's getting heated. It's getting
heated. It's getting heated.
>> I need [music] you to calm down and
relax. allow us to do our job.
>> What will they do? Will they call this
off if Gidian took it too far?
>> Yes.
>> Like like they'll be like, "Actually,
this is a prank." Like they would ruin
this for you.
>> I would have probably waited an extra 5
minutes. If this goes too far, these
cops would have broken the bit and call
the whole thing off.
>> Yeah. So, at any point in time, any of
the guys who were in on it could ruin
the prank. My cameras could give away
the prank. These cops could act a little
sus and give away the prank. Jion could
ruin the prank. We spent so much time
and money prepping this. This could go
wrong at any possible time. It's the
only way to prank a YouTuber, though.
The stakes are incredibly high right
here.
>> Are you feeling that pressure
>> so much
>> in this moment?
>> Big time. Yeah, big time. Moments like
this when we're filming these videos are
the only time that I get nervous. Like,
this is because there's so much of my
video relying on things I cannot
control, you know?
>> Why is your car unmarked?
>> Why is my car unmarked?
>> Why does it need to be marked?
>> [laughter]
>> We got there. So, we're in the blind
spot of the car right here. We get a
little dapp up with JD on right before
[laughter] we break the bit.
>> Wait, this is this is such an amazing
shot.
>> It's an insane moment.
>> Yeah, dude. It's just a viral clip.
Like, tell me this is not a viral
moment, right? You're just beautiful.
Like, it couldn't have played out any
better in my mind. Like, before you
shoot a video, probably for you too,
like you sort of envision the video and
you imagine
>> and you're like playing it out in your
head of like what the perfect moment's
going to be. This This is like from my
wildest dreams. It couldn't be more
perfect than this.
>> Why is my car?
>> Is he in the back right now?
>> Yeah.
>> I felt like JJ had enough at this point,
so it was time for me to hop in and
finally reveal the prank.
>> What is life?
>> We have a problem in here.
>> Oh [laughter]
my god.
You piece of [__]
[laughter]
>> NO.
No way. You suck. [laughter]
>> I'm lowkey so happy to see you, but also
so angry. [laughter] Bro, I was like,
HOW AM I BEING ARRESTED?
>> I'M STILL IN charge around here, bro.
You're You're arrested.
>> I hate you so much. At this point, it
seems like you brought in the cameras.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, now the cameras
are all coming in. KSI's bodyguard is
being alerted outside of the car right
now that this is a safe circumstance.
He's good.
>> He's like pissed that he was not in on
it. But yeah, everybody who isn't in on
it is now being alerted that this is a
bit
>> Yeah. And and you're rolling in with
what looks like a GoPro. [laughter]
>> Yeah. I I basically armed with a GoPro
and a DSLR in my other hand. This is
shot like it's a very lean team here.
Me, Christina, Tyler just shooting this
thing.
>> This is the first time I've been in the
back of a police car.
>> Really?
>> Yes. WHAT YOU MEAN REALLY?
>> BUT there was still one more thing I
needed from JJ in order to release him
from my custody.
>> What?
>> I need a thick of a concert right now.
>> See, this is what I love about KSI is
you see him right here switch. Like his
team is trying to get him out of the
back of the car.
>> I set him up for a thick of it moment.
>> He knows that this is a viral moment. He
tells his team to chill so that he can
do a thick of it concert for me. This
will probably not make the cut, you
know, but it just goes to show like uh I
love filming with other YouTubers
because they know how the sausage is
made and he sees me teeing him out for a
moment here and he's like stepping into
the moment. It's amazing.
>> That's amazing. Yeah.
>> I'm in the thick of it. Everybody knows
they know we were ice skating and they
bro
I got caught. I got no got. Wait,
>> what?
>> Get him.
>> He doesn't even [snorts]
[laughter]
>> I got get
>> I got got on Get got him. It's not that
hard. It's a phenomenal show name.
>> Wow.
>> JJ was an amazing sport about this whole
thing. But the craziest part was at the
very end he said this. I'm boxing a
YouTuber every time I go up a million
subscribers.
>> You [__] me.
>> By what sub count would you do it?
[music]
>> 30 million.
>> 30 million. Call me. We'll make it
happen. This is on video.
>> We were going to go to lunch.
>> Yeah. Kudos to KZA for being a good
sport. Like it feels like everyone's
realized this is a content moment. How
much are you inspired by shows like
Punked or like you know this like prank
shows have been around for a while. Like
do you study those like to create
moments like this?
>> I was never a big like movie or TV
person. I've seen very few movies
actually. Like maybe like 20 in my
entire life to be honest really.
>> But once I started getting into YouTube
and uh I'm a huge punk fan. a huge MTV
fan. Uh I think I've gone back and
watched an episode from every version of
a show that MTV's ever made because a
lot of that stuff is reality TV and
there's so much cool inspiration that
you can pull from those guys. I actually
have my own prank show called Get Got.
>> Yeah.
>> You know about Get God.
>> I know. And if you if you're Get God got
on Get God, you got to say I got I got
>> I got God got on Get Got got him. I
actually tried to license Punk. I
actually called Ashton Kutcher and tried
to license Punct from Ashton and he said
he no longer controls the rights.
unfortunately. So, if you're out there
and you own the rights to punks,
>> let a boy know you have a very
interested buyer over here.
>> Oh my god.
>> Yeah,
>> that is like that would be the best like
>> dude, right? That's what I'm telling
them. I'm like like dude, we could run
with the punk show on YouTube. Like this
I am the guy to run the punked
enterprise. Like let me It would be so
sick. But uh yeah, I can't get the
rights. So if you're out there and you
own the rights to punk, let me know.
Let's make a deal.
>> Wow. That that would be a no-brainer.
Any other thoughts on this video?
>> I think it's cool. It's it fits into
sort of a column like I arrested Mr.
Beast a year ago. We're bringing this
in. We'll do streamers after that. We
might even circle back with YouTubers
again. The cool thing about this video
is once this video is posted, it
actually serves as proof of concept that
I can now send to other YouTube teams
and show that I've done it before and I
can do it safely, which will enable me
to do this video even better in the
future. So stay tuned. I got to I Yeah,
I got to talk to you guys later. You
know what I mean? About something
completely unrelated.
What? Like, no. No. You're not getting
my team in on arresting me. That's
>> that's what you think.
>> If you haven't already, go to yt
hackpack.com to get our free YouTube
hackpack with all our best tools, tips,
and templates to grow on YouTube today.
From our intro and thumbnail templates
to our 100 viral ideas for any niche, we
constantly update it as we interview
more creators so you get the latest and
greatest for free. All right, thanks for
watching.